Add warning that users with Commfides seid 2 must disable validation (#42)
digipost/signering-docs: source/client-integration/create-client-configuration.rst

                new Sender(organizationNumber)
            )
            {

>                 // This is only need it you have a SEID 2.0 certificate, but for some reason cannot use the latest version of the library,

Author: ```suggestion
                // This is only needed if you have a SEID 2.0 certificate, but for some reason cannot use the latest version of the library,
```
